All right.
So we can show the numbers here for the admin.
Now, the next thing I want to do is.
So the categories and the latest posts when someone is visiting one of our blog posts, for example,
here we have the list, a blog post.
If someone visit our blog post we are showing you can see on the right segment we're showing the categories
or the categories we have and the recent post sort of six latest post.
All right.
So let's implement this in know.
Project.
So at the moment, if you go visit the site, visit a post.
We don't have anything on the sidebar.
It's just we have the dummy text.
So let's use this space to show the categories and recent books.
Now, the good thing about this one is we didn't have to create any new out in the back end.
We already have a route that gives us all the categories and for the posts.
When you visit the post base, you get six post by default, right on.
Unless you click load more, you get six by default.
So those six are the latest ones.
So we can just display them on the same messages.
All right.
So let's see how we can use that.
And later, what I'm going to do is you can see here in this finished product, we are showing the categories
in the latest post and the exact same information I will be showing on the homepage as well.
Here you can see I'm showing the latest posts and I'm showing the categories list.
So I'm thinking of a way so that I can reuse the code whenever I want.
So this time I'm going to use hooks because I'm going to use hooks to get all the categories and then
the post so that I can easily bring them.
And so these categories in post wherever I want.
Either it's the home base.
Either it's the single post office.
It really is.
And so let's see how we can use hooks.
Custom hooks, build your own custom hooks to do certain parts.
So that means we start from here intact.
Planful I'm going to create a folder called Box Inside here.
I'm going to call it to use use category.
They're just.
So hooks when you want to create a custom looks basically it's going to be the same way you've been
writing the state and use effect.
Whatever code you're writing in your components is going to be same.
It will not have the written block, for example, take you to a, let's say, good admin index.
All right.
So here, if you want to make a custom hook here, you could take this code and make a custom hook.
So that hook will have distinct some functionalities here.
And then you will return the numbers and set numbers.
That would be a hook.
So instead of returning the content like this, you would return the numbers and set numbers and that
you could use as a customer.
I guess that's yeah, that's how it works.
So here use category and it's import some hooks, use state use you create and react.
And then we import excuse from X use and then we write out who wants to use category equals to.
So here the first thing we want to have a state const carry you set.
Can I give you this to use state the MTA by default, and then we try to use the effect that will fit
all the categories from our banking.
So here comes get category so we can drag this function inside here.
You can put it outside.
But if you like it, just leave it interred here.
So here.
Let's try.
Zero one.
Do you want to use excuse
or wait?
Excuse.
Don't forget we make a get request to get all the categories
for my backing and then we put in listed said categories data.
Now at this point we have the categories and said categories.
Now, since this is a custom look, we don't have to have written block to display the content.
We just want to return this value.
All right.
So here it can return.
Categories.
We don't even need to get set categories.
We just need to return categories nicely.
Now let's make sure we execute this one.
Otherwise nothing will happen.
Better execute this function so that it runs.
Populate the state and then the categories from the state we are we return to.
This is our custom hook that will give us all the categories.
Now we can use this.
Let's try.
Using it in a single post.
Right here.
So here, let's go to Baz's.
Post slow and let me import that import use.
Category from.
Hooks use category.
And then we want to.
Use that.
So let me right here so we can get the categories from the whoop weren't so we return that so that means
we can get the categories from use category hoop.
And let's have a look at this.
So down here on the side where instead of having this dummy content, let me just use three
versions being five categories.
All right.
Now let's see.
Use category.
It's not a function.
I think we named it differently use category.
Okay.
We actually look forward to expert.
We export use category now and then we import here.
Should be good.
Okay.
Now, you can see we have a list of categories.
Beautiful.
Now we can, as you can see, these hooks you can input in any place to show the list of categories.
So let's try to render that here instead of the decent train for.
So here, let me use the divider.
So that's important.
And go back down.
Yeah.
Divider.
And here I want to write let's write categories.
And then we show the list of categories.
So categories, dirt map the map to all the categories.
It's called see.
And then we rendered them.
So we can use a link component.
So we make these categories clickable.
Because what I will do.
Let me show you the finished product.
So I will also make this clickable.
So in the link we fit all the post that belongs to that category.
Now you can see this category doesn't have any post, but if any post has this category, we will show
folks who will react.
Now react category has this post.
So this post you can see it has the category of freaks.
Now, if you go to the note root carrier, this one has to post a work of this post here, the category
of note.
So we'll make this clickable as well.
So for that, we can use link.
And then heads were.
So the history, it's going to be less category less.
We're going to use the categories slow.
So obviously dispute doesn't exist at the moment, but we know that this very simple.
And here we can.
So the category name, let's use a button for this one.
So that looks good.
So the character names in button.
So button.
And we give it a name, see different names, category, name and then button.
Just so that they don't they're not joined with each other.
We can apply some margin margin too.
And then since we're using met, each item should have a unique key.
So this link.
Can have the unique.
Key we can use category.
All right, let's have a look.
Button to import.
Button.
Okay.
You can see now we have only four categories and they're displayed here.
Now, if I click, we can visit that place, but that doesn't exist.
We'll come back to that.
But otherwise you can see we are showing the list of categories.
Beautiful.
Now let's create a similar hook to serve the post as well.